Update RBAC requirements (#441)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-ai-docs: articles/machine-learning/how-to-assign-roles.md

3. These scenarios don't include the permissions needed to create workspace dependent resources. For more information, see the write permissions for [Storage](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/role-based-access-control/permissions/storage#microsoftstorage), [OperationalInsights](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/role-based-access-control/permissions/monitor#microsoftoperationalinsights), [Key Vault](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/role-based-access-control/permissions/security#microsoftkeyvault) and [Container Registry](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/role-based-access-control/permissions/containers#microsoftcontainerregistry).

4. When attaching user managed identities, you also need to have `Microsoft.ManagedIdentity/userAssignedIdentities/assign/action` permission on the identities. For more information, please see [Azure built-in roles for Identity](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/role-based-access-control/built-in-roles/identity)

> 5. When specifying serverless compute custom subnet, you also need to have `Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks/subnets/join/action` on the virtual network. For more information, please see [Azure permissions for Networking](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/role-based-access-control/permissions/networking)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. When specifying a serverless compute custom subnet, you also need to have `Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks/subnets/join/action` on the virtual network. For more information, see [Azure permissions for Networking](/azure/role-based-access-control/permissions/networking).
```
